feat(example): add example azure service bus (#1063)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: examples/typescript/azure-service-bus-queue-trigger/README.md

# Azure Function with Service Bus Queue Trigger

An example for Azure Function with a Service Bus Queue Trigger

## Usage

For deployment go in [deployment](./deployment) folder

Install project dependencies

```shell
yarn install
```

Generate CDK for Terraform constructs for Terraform provides and modules used in the project.

```bash
cdktf get
```

Compile the TypeScript application

```bash
tsc
```

Generate Terraform configuration

```bash
cdktf synth
```

The above command will create a folder called `cdktf.out` that contains all Terraform JSON configuration that was generated.

Run cdktf-cli commands

```bash
cdktf diff
cdktf deploy
```

> You need then to deploy a function with a [service bus trigger](https://docs.microsoft.com/fr-fr/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus-trigger?tabs=javascript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need then to deploy a function with a [service bus trigger](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus-trigger?tabs=javascript).
```
